(audience chattering)
(wistful indie pop music)
♪ Once there was this kid who ♪
♪ Got into an accident and
couldn't come to school ♪
♪ But when he finally came back ♪
♪ His hair had turned from
black into bright white ♪
♪ He said that it was from when ♪
♪ The cars had smashed so hard ♪
♪ Mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm ♪
♪ Once there was this girl who ♪
♪ Wouldn't go and change with
the girls in the change room ♪
♪ And when they finally made her ♪
♪ They saw birthmarks all over her body ♪
♪ She couldn't quite explain it ♪
♪ They'd always just been there ♪
♪ Mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm ♪
(wistful indie pop music continues)
♪ But both girl and boy were glad ♪
♪ 'Cause one kid had it worse than that ♪
♪ 'Cause then there was this boy whose ♪
♪ Parents made him come directly
home right after school ♪
♪ And when they went to their church ♪
♪ They shook and lurched
all over the church floor ♪
♪ He couldn't quite explain it ♪
♪ They'd always just gone there ♪
♪ Mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm ♪
♪ Ah-ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah ♪
(wistful indie pop music continues)